CONTRACTS 
  
NAVY 
  
JJLL LLC, Austin, Texas, is being awarded a maximum amount $58,241,459 cost-plus-incentive-fee contract to provide services for Philippines operations support in the Republic of the Philippines for the Marine Corps forces, Pacific; and Pacific Command Augmentation Team – Philippines.  The work to be performed provides for management and administration; commercial telephones, community antenna television and other services; security; airfield facilities; passenger terminal and cargo handling; ordnance; material management; supply services; morale, welfare and recreation support; galley; billeting; facility management; facility investment; facility services; utilities; base support vehicles and equipment; and environmental services.  The maximum dollar value includes the base period, four option periods and a six-month extension of services period.  Work will be performed in the Republic of the Philippines, and is expected to be completed by March 2022.  Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy) contract funds in the amount of $2,818,000 are obligated on this award and will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was competitively procured via the Navy Electronic Commerce Online website, with four proposals received.  The Naval Facilities Engineering Command, Pacific, Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, is the contracting activity (N62742-17-C-3580). 
  
Cypher Analytics, doing business as Crown Point Systems, San Diego, California, is being awarded a $47,500,000 indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity, firm-fixed-price, multiple award contract for procurement of information communication technology/equipment (ICT/E), which includes a broad range of procurements identified by risk.  The ICT/E high-risk category includes firewalls, intrusion detection systems and sensors, routers, semiconductor chips and switches; the medium risk category includes encryptors, hard disk drives, multiplexers and transceivers, servers, solid state drives, workstations and other computing devices; the low-risk category includes racks, cabinets, storage area networks, thin clients, power strips, and other electrical protection and distribution devices.  This is one of four multiple-award contracts, with two awardees eligible to compete for delivery orders for all risk categories and two awardees eligible to compete for delivery orders for medium- and low-risk categories during the ordering period.  Cypher Analytics, doing business as Crown Point Systems, is eligible to supply ICT/E in all risk categories.  This five-year contract includes no options. Work will be performed at the contractor’s facilities in San Diego, California, and is expected to be completed Feb. 27, 2022.  Contract funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  Funding will be obligated via delivery orders which will be competed.  The types of funding to be obligated include primarily operations and maintenance (Navy); other procurement (Navy); and research, development, test and evaluation.  This contract was competitively procured using full and open competition via publication on the Federal Business Opportunities website and the Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command e-Commerce Central website.  Six proposals were received and four were selected for award.  The Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Pacific, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity (N66001-17-D-0093). 
  
Cyber Core Technologies LLC, Elkridge, Maryland, is being awarded a $47,500,000 indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity, firm-fixed-price, multiple award contract for procurement of information communication technology/equipment (ICT/E), which includes a broad range of procurements identified by risk.  The ICT/E high risk category includes firewalls, intrusion detection systems and sensors, routers, semiconductor chips and switches; the medium-risk category includes encryptors, hard disk drives, multiplexers and transceivers, servers, solid state drives, workstations and other computing devices; the low-risk category includes racks, cabinets, storage area networks, thin clients, power strips, and other electrical protection and distribution devices. This is one of four multiple-award contracts, with two awardees eligible to compete for delivery orders for all risk categories and two awardees eligible to compete for delivery orders for medium- and-low risk categories during the ordering period. Cyber Core Technologies is eligible to supply ICT/E in all risk categories. This five-year contract includes no options. Work will be performed at the contractor’s facilities in Elkridge, Maryland, and is expected to be completed Feb. 27, 2022.  Contract funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year. Funding will be obligated via delivery orders which will be competed. The types of funding to be obligated include primarily operations and maintenance (Navy); other procurement (Navy); and research, development, test and evaluation. This contract was competitively procured using full and open competition via publication on the Federal Business Opportunities website and the Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command e-Commerce Central website. Six proposals were received and four were selected for award.  The Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Pacific, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity (N66001-17-D-0094). 
  
Alion Science and Technology, McLean, Virginia (N00189-17-D-Z021); Booz Allen Hamilton Inc., McLean, Virginia (N00189-17-D-Z022); CSRA LLC, Alexandria, Virginia (N00189-17-D-Z023); kglobal, Herndon, Virginia (N00189-17-D-Z024); and Media Fusion, Huntsville, Alabama (N00189-17-D-Z025), are being awarded an estimated $42,609,513 multiple award, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity, cost-plus-fixed-fee contracts that will include terms and conditions for the placement of both cost-plus-fixed-fee and firm-fixed-price task orders for services to provide communication integration and strategy, media relations, community outreach/relations, visual information systems and imagery marketing, public affairs professional and community development, capabilities integration development, communication information environment management and training, and public information materials development and production in support of the Navy Chief of Information Headquarters and its field activities. Each contract will run concurrently and includes a 60-month ordering period.  Work will be performed in Washington, District of Columbia (68 percent); and in contractor facilities (32 percent) in response to awarded task orders which cannot be reasonably estimated at the time of contract award.  The ordering period of the contract is expected to be completed by February 2022.  Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy) funds in the amount of $500,000 will be obligated ($100,000 on each of the five contracts to fund the contracts’ minimum amounts); and funds in the amount of $500,000 will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was competitively procured with the solicitation posted to the Federal Business Opportunities website, with nine offers received.  Naval Supply Systems Command Fleet Logistics Center Norfolk, Contracting Department, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is the contracting activity.  
  
Mymic LLC,* Portsmouth, Virginia, is being awarded a $39,100,602 indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract that will include terms and conditions for the placement of both cost-plus-fixed-fee and firm-fixed-price task orders for analytical services in support of the Joint Staff, J8 Directorate’s Functional Capability Boards.  The contract will include a five-year ordering period.  Work will be performed in Arlington, Virginia, and the ordering period of the contract is expected to be completed by February 2022.  Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Defense) funds in the amount of $754,755 will be obligated at the time of award and funds will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was competitively procured with the solicitation posted to the Federal Business Opportunities website as a 100 percent small business set-aside requirement, with five offers received.  Naval Supply Systems Command Fleet Logistics Center Norfolk, Contracting Department, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is the contracting activity (N00189-17-D-Z026). 
  
ALOM Technologies Corp., Fremont, California, is being awarded a $14,250,000 indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity, firm-fixed-price multiple award contract for procurement of information communication technology/equipment (ICT/E), which includes a broad range of procurements identified by risk.  The ICT/E high-risk category includes firewalls, intrusion detection systems and sensors, routers, semiconductor chips and switches; the medium risk category includes encryptors, hard disk drives, multiplexers and transceivers, servers, solid state drives, workstations and other computing devices; the low-risk category includes racks, cabinets, storage area networks, thin clients, power strips, and other electrical protection and distribution devices.  This is one of four multiple-award contracts, with two awardees eligible to compete for delivery orders for all risk categories and two awardees eligible to compete for delivery orders for medium and low risk categories during the ordering period.  ALOM Technologies Corp. is eligible to supply ICT/E in the low- and medium-risk categories.  This five-year contract includes no options.  Work will be performed at the contractor’s facilities in Fremont, California, and is expected to be completed Feb. 27, 2022.  Contract funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  Funding will be obligated via delivery orders which will be competed.  The types of funding to be obligated include primarily operations and maintenance (Navy); other procurement (Navy); and research, development, test and evaluation.  This contract was competitively procured using full and open competition via publication on the Federal Business Opportunities website and the Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command e-Commerce Central website.  Six proposals were received and four were selected for award.  The Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Pacific, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity (N66001-17-D-0092). 
  
World Wide Technologies, Maryland Heights, Missouri, is being awarded a $14,250,000 indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity, firm-fixed-price multiple award contract for procurement of information communication technology/equipment (ICT/E), which includes a broad range of procurements identified by risk.  The ICT/E high-risk category includes firewalls, intrusion detection systems and sensors, routers, semiconductor chips and switches; the medium risk category includes encryptors, hard disk drives, multiplexers and transceivers, servers, solid state drives, workstations and other computing devices; the low-risk category includes racks, cabinets, storage area networks, thin clients, power strips, and other electrical protection and distribution devices. This is one of four multiple-award contracts, with two awardees eligible to compete for delivery orders for all risk categories and two awardees eligible to compete for delivery orders for medium- and low-risk categories during the ordering period.  World Wide Technologies is eligible to supply ICT/E in the low- and medium-risk categories.  This five year contract includes no options.  Work will be performed at the contractor’s facilities in Maryland Heights, Missouri, and is expected to be completed Feb. 27, 2022.  Contract funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  Funding will be obligated via delivery orders which will be competed. The types of funding to be obligated include primarily operations and maintenance (Navy); other procurement (Navy); and research, development, test and evaluation. This contract was competitively procured using full and open competition via publication on the Federal Business Opportunities website and the Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command e-Commerce Central website. Six proposals were received and four were selected for award.  The Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Pacific, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity (N66001-17-D-0095). 
  
  
DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY 
  
Newpark Mats & Integrated Service LLC, The Woodlands, Texas, has been awarded a maximum $27,793,077 fixed-price with economic-price-adjustment, requirements contract for a heavy-duty composite mat system. This is a two-year base contract with three one-year option periods. Maximum dollar amount is for the life of the contract. This was a sole-source acquisition using justification 10 U.S. Code 2304 (c)(1). Locations of performance are Texas and Louisiana, with a Feb. 23, 2022, performance completion date. Using military services are Army, Air Force, Marine Corps and Navy. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2017 through 2022 defense working capital funds. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (SPE8E6-17-D-0005). 
  
Wolverine World Wide Inc., Rockford, Michigan, has been awarded a maximum $17,994,690 firm-fixed-price, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for tan temperate weather combat boots. This is a three-year contract with no option periods. This was a competitive acquisition with four offers received. Location of performance is Michigan, with a Feb. 21, 2020, performance completion date. Using customer is Army and Afghanistan Army. Type of appropriation is fiscal year 2017 through 2020 defense working capital; and foreign military sales funds. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (SPE1C1-17-D-1028). 
  
ARMY 
  
Center for Disease Detection LLC, San Antonio, Texas, was awarded a $12,952,029 modification (P00009) to contract W81K04-15-D-0006 for Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) testing and reporting services. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order, with an estimated completion date of Feb. 28, 2018. Army Medical Command, Fort Sam Houston, Texas, is the contracting activity. 
  
General Dynamics Land Systems Inc., Sterling Heights, Michigan, was awarded a $13,144,278 cost-plus-fixed-fee, foreign military sales contract (Kuwait, Australia, and Saudi Arabia) for systems technical support and sustainment system technical support for the Abrams family of vehicles and derivative systems. Bids were solicited via the Internet with one received. Work will be performed in Sterling Heights, Michigan; Germany; Killeen, Texas; Korea; Kuwait; and Poland, with an estimated completion date of Feb. 28, 2018. Fiscal 2010, 2011, and 2017 operations and maintenance (Army); research, development, test and evaluation; and other funds in the combined amount of $13,144,278 were obligated at the time of the award. Army Contracting Command, Warren, Michigan, is the contracting activity (W56HZV-17-C-0067). 
  
AIR FORCE 
  
L-3 Communications Corp. - Link Simulation & Training Division, Arlington, Texas, has been awarded a $10,864,857 modification (P00101) to previously awarded contract FA8621-13-C-6323 for Predator Mission Aircrew Training System. Contractor will provide 20 Block-30 configuration devices, 20 dual Arc-210 radio hardware kits, and 20 sets of seats being produced under the basic contract. Work will be performed at Elma, New York, and is expected to be complete by Feb. 22, 2022. Fiscal 2015 procurement funds in the amount of $5,516,989 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, is the contracting activity (FA8621-13-C-6323). 
  
Moog Inc., doing business as Moog, Elma, New York, has been awarded a $7,691,865 firm-fixed-price and indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for F-15 sustainment. Contractor will remanufacture up to 285, but not less than 50, F-15 rudder actuators. Work will be performed at Elma, New York, and is expected to be complete by Feb. 22, 2022. This award is the result of a competitive acquisition with two offers received. Fiscal 2017 defense working capital funds in the amount of $1,349,150 are being obligated on the first delivery order at the time of award. Air Force Sustainment Center, Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma, is the contracting activity (FA8118-17-D-0017). 
  
MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 
  
Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems, Moorestown, New Jersey, has been awarded a $10,396,703 modification (P00239) to previously awarded contract HQ0276-10-C-0001 for contract line item number 0317.  This effort will provide equipment and technical support for Aegis Ashore test and operational systems in Poland to include engineering authority of the technical data package, technical coordination of continuation efforts, combat systems engineering study support for increased capabilities, including broadband wireless coexistence and lifecycle upgrades, and support for government verification/validation efforts.  The modification brings the total cumulative face value of the contract to $2,476,786,132 from $2,466,389,429.  Work will be performed in Moorestown, New Jersey, with an expected completion date of Dec. 31, 2018. Fiscal 2017 defense wide procurement funds in the amount of $10,396,703 are being obligated at the time of award.  The Missile Defense Agency, Dahlgren, Virginia, is the contracting activity. 
  
*Small business 
